Adding some more readme (#4)
makiftutuncu/spring-boot-crud: README.md

### Prerequisites

- Java 17 or higher
- Maven 3.6 or higher

### Getting Started

To get started with spring-boot-crud, you need to have a project with Spring Boot Starter installed. 
Please note that you should be using Spring Boot version 3 or higher and Java version 17 or higher.

You can set up your project with spring-boot-crud by adding it as a maven dependency, or by using start.spring.io. 
When using [start.spring.io](http://start.spring.io), make sure to select Spring Boot version 3 or higher, Java version 17 or higher, and the following dependencies:

- spring-web
- validation
- spring-data-jpa <em>(optional)</em> 
- a database driver of your choice <em>(optional)</em> 
- testcontainers <em>(optional)</em> 

Once you have set up your project, you can start using spring-boot-crud by extending the provided base types in your data models.

## Adding to your Application
To get started with spring-boot-crud, you will want to begin by creating a controller that extends CRUDController. 

> You may choose to use one of the variants of CRUDController such as CRUDControllerSimple, CRUDControllerSimpler, or CRUDControllerSimplest depending on your needs. 

Reviewer: Class names weren't correct so following might be better.
```suggestion
If you need all the flexibility `CRUDController` provides, you may choose to use one of the following variants `SimpleController`, `SimplerController`, or `SimplestController`.
```

* [CRUDModel](api/src/main/java/dev/akif/crud/CRUDModel.java)
* [CRUDEntity](api/src/main/java/dev/akif/crud/CRUDEntity.java)

and their Simple, Simpler, and Simplest variants.

## Code Examples

### Writing a controller

> The code snippet represents a Java Controller that implements the CRUDController interface.

Reviewer: `CRUDController` is an abstract class so this statement and following example would need to be updated.

By extending the CRUDController, developers can quickly set up a working RESTful API for their data models.

```java
@RestController
public class MyController implements CRUDController<
        Long,
        MyEntity,
        MyModel,
        MyDTO,
        MyCreateModel,
        MyUpdateModel,
        MyCreateDTO,
        MyUpdateDTO,
        MyMapper,
        MyDTOMapper,
        MyService> {

    public MyController(MyService service, MyDTOMapper dtoMapper) {
        super(service, dtoMapper);
    }
}

```

The CRUDController uses generics to ensure that the correct types are used for each layer of the application. The following types are defined as generic parameters:

- `I`: the type of the ID of the entities
- `E`: the type of the Entity objects
- `M`: the type of the Model objects
- `D`: the type of the Data Transfer Object (DTO) objects
- `CM`: the type of the Create Model objects
- `UM`: the type of the Update Model objects
- `CD`: the type of the Create DTO objects
- `UD`: the type of the Update DTO objects
- `Mapper`: the type of the mapper class used to map between Entity and Model objects

> - `DTOMappe`r: the type of the mapper class used to map between DTO and Model objects

Reviewer: Small typo
```suggestion
- `DTOMapper`: the type of the mapper class used to map between DTO and Model objects
```

- `S`: the type of the CRUDService implementation

By using these generics, the CRUDController ensures that the correct types are used for each layer of the application, and it ensures that everything works together seamlessly.

To use the CRUDController in your application, simply extend it with your specific types and provide implementations for the abstract methods.

> ```java

Reviewer: Is this example is here to show roughly what `CRUDService` provides?

If the answer is yes, this is fine but we should probably mention the fact that this is not the expected user code, it is here to give you an idea of what the library is doing.

If the answer is no and this is an example of the user code, then we have some redundancy. User code could (and should) be as simple as following
```java
@Service
public class ExampleService extends CRUDService<
                Long, 
                ExampleModel, 
                ExampleEntity, 
                ExampleCreateModel,
                ExampleUpdateModel, 
                ExampleMapper> {
    public ExampleService(Clock clock, ExampleRepository repository, ExampleMapper mapper) {
        super("Example", clock, repository, mapper);
    }
}
```

The same question applies to the controller example above.

@Service

> public class ExampleService implements CRUDService<

Reviewer: `CRUDService` is an abstract class so this statement and following example would need to be updated.

- `I`: A type that extends Serializable and represents the ID of the entity
- `M`: A type that extends CRUDModel and represents the CRUD model
- `E`: A type that extends CRUDEntity and represents the CRUD entity
- `CM`: A type that extends CRUDCreateModel and represents the CRUD create model
- `UM`: A type that extends CRUDUpdateModel and represents the CRUD update model- 
- `Mapper`: A type that extends CRUDMapper and represents the CRUD mapper.

By implementing this interface, the class provides a base type for CRUD operations, and it is responsible for the implementation of basic CRUD operations such as create, get, update, and delete. The implementation details will be different based on the actual requirements, but it provides a well-defined structure that makes it easier to implement CRUD operations in a consistent manner. The methods in the service class will be used in the controller layer to handle CRUD operations and return responses to clients.

## API Endpoints

The following API endpoints will be made available:

| Method  | Endpoint  | Description  |
|---|---|---|

> | GET	 | /api/v1/examples	        | Retrieve a list of examples |

Reviewer: This table is great but controller example above would need to have `@RequestMapping("api/v1/examples")`.
